# VGAclock
This project calls for the design of a Digital Clock using the FPGA board, akeypad, and the VGA display. The Digital Clock will operate in two main modes, time, which will display in minutes and stopwatch, which will increment in seconds. The keypad is responsible for changing the  modes  and  manipulating  the  time  display  while  in those  modes.  The  VGA  display  presents the current time or stopwatch value. If button 1 is pressed on the keypad, the user can determine which mode that the clock is in. When the button is pressed, the clock will alternate to the other mode, between stopwatch and clock. While in clock mode, the time will show on the VGA and the background will be either cyan or black depending on whether it is AM or PM. This will be denoted  by  an  A  or  P  shown  on  the  screen.  When  in  stopwatch  mode,  the  stopwatch  will  keep track of how much time has passed. Button 2 can start or stop the stopwatch at each button press, while  button  3  resets  the  stopwatch.  While  in  stopwatch  mode,  the  VGA  will  display  a  red background and an S will show up on the screen. The user can change the clock time by pressing button 4 while in clock mode and entering clock-setup mode. While in this mode,the background will  be  yellow  at  the  right  of  the  screen,  either  an  A  or  P  will  show,  representing  Clock  setup mode  AM  or  PM.  The  user  can  change  the  values  of  the  time  using  the  five  switches  on  the FPGA. The first four digits can be activated to change the value on the screen in that digit place and the fifth digit can be activated to change AM or PM. The the user can use the buttons on the keypad to change the clock time. 
